Previously on Beauty
and the Beast:
(growling)
Vincent! Vincent!
Don't shoot!
She's my daughter.
CATHERINE: Come on, damn it!
I need you alive.
(gasps)
Catherine, I know I haven't
earned your trust back yet.
But the only way I can truly
make amends is to keep trying.
I never stopped looking for you.
Who are you?
(growling)
There are more
of them out there.
Who pays for that boat?
Is someone controlling you?
I don't even know
who you are!
(gasps)
(growls)
(gasping)
I remembered it.
Vincent, please don't
do this right now.
I know they're just flashes,
but I remember you.
It's too late.
That relationship
that you're remembering,
I can't handle it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This is what happens
when you put your life on hold
for four months.
Your room turns
into a mess.
Just the room?
I cannot find my favorite heels.
Okay, well, I like the shoes
you've been wearing
for the last ten minutes.
(sighs)
You're right, this is fine.
Okay.
I just want to go out
and have fun
for a change,
instead of sitting around here
being p.o.'d all the time.
Right, cause it's not
like you have anything
to be p.o'd about.
Right, but that's done.
I had a good cry,
I meditated,
I took a kickboxing class,
I'm over it.
Really?
Over which part exactly?
The sister moving away part?
The father who wasn't
really your father?
The amnesiac boyfriend who lies
and, you know, kills?
Only other beasts,
and occasionally,
bad guys who are,
who are really bad.
Yeah, a little meditating,
a little kickboxing...
Okay, my life is a mess.
Are you happy?
Only if you switch out those earrings.
They're too dangly.
I can't, I just can't.
I can't.
Tess, I don't know
what to do.
My head was reeling enough
with all the Vincent stuff,
and now with
everything else,
I don't know
what to believe.
Well, can I make a suggestion?
A glass of wine?
Mm, I was gonna say therapy.
No, but that's your job.
And tonight you are going
to counsel me
to forget everything and
go out and have fun, okay?
Hey, you know I'm the number one
supporter of the beast time-out,
but Cat, do you really think
you can just wake up one day
and be done with Vincent?
Be done? No.
But I can't wait till I'm 60
for him to get all
of his memory back
or to tell me who's sending him
out on these missions.
I can't live with any more lies.
All right, like I said,
I'm all in.
First, you had to figure out
you, then maybe Vincent.
Yeah. Vincent who?
I need to get through your list
as soon as possible, okay?
So, tell me, who's next?
Oh, it's not that easy.
It takes time
to find these beasts.
I gotta get intel, vet it first
so you know
what you're up against.
I don't give a damn
what I'm up against, right?
I'll handle it.
I just need this over
and done with.
What's going on here?
Why the sudden rush?
What happened?
Is this something
to do with Catherine?
Yeah.
You know what?
Yes, it does, okay?
I remembered something
about her.
You know, it wasn't much--
it was just a flash or two--
but sir, it is messing
with my head, okay?
I feel like I'm
two different people,
and it's driving me crazy.
Vincent, we've had
this conversation before.
You are a soldier
on a mission, period.
Anything that distracts you
from that mission
makes you vulnerable,
splits your focus,
and you've got to stay focused
because you are the only one
who can stop these beasts.
Yeah, well find me another damn
mission so I can focus, okay?
So I can get Catherine out
of my head.
You need to stay away from her.
Yeah, and you need to find me
another beast.
(sirens wailing, horn blaring)
It is an unbelievable scene,
as you can see behind me,
which FDNY says is burning
hotter than an aircraft fire.
Investigators said evidence
from yesterday's fire suggests
the arsonist sets off these
incendiary devices by hand,
which should be fatal,
but with no body recovered,
investigators are still trying
to figure out how
the arsonist survives
and escapes these attacks.
He's not a human,
he's a beast-- that's how.
One theory is that the arsonist
wears a vermiculite entry suit.
These are large, silver
fire-retardant suits
used when firefighters
are battling blazes...
Maybe he is the suit.
...above 2,000 degrees.
One problem
with this theory is that...
Someone get me Chandler!
Fast!
You know you don't have
to hit it so hard, right?
Yeah, I do.
Wow... Want to talk
about it some more?
No, I'm having fun.
Which I'm all for, but we don't
have to go the whole night
pretending like
nothing's wrong.
Well, then what was the point
of those
three mind erasers?
(sighs)
Who are you right now?
Hi. I'm Colin.
I just wanted to introduce
myself: I'm Colin.
And I am in the middle
of something.
Excuse me.
I may never see
you again.
You're the most beautiful girl
I've have ever seen..
Oh, that is sour.
And really, I'm good.
You just want to go?
No, we're having fun.
Yeah.
Not with you.
You should go.
Come on, now,
why don't you like me?
Dude, it's not a petting zoo.
Now you should stop
before you do
something stupid.
I'm a cop.
We both are.
Like, like, partners?
Oh, it's starting
to make sense, okay.
My bad.
All right, makeup hug.
No, I don't need a hug.
Oh, come here.
Come here. Come on.
Just one hug.
Makeup hug. Come here.
(patrons gasp)
Bitch,
that's my friend!
(clears throat)
Hey!
No, Cat!
(patrons gasp)
Judge Gavin?
Having fun yet?
♪ Beauty and the Beast 2x04 ♪
Hothead
Original Air Date on October 28, 2013
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
It's not enough
a serial arsonist
is burning down Manhattan,
now my two best detectives
punch out a judge
and get themselves
arrested?
I was just trying
to have fun.
I didn't mean
to get in trouble.
Trouble is getting
a flat tire.
You flattened a judge.
Not just any judge,
a federal judge.
Do you have any idea
what I had to go through
to get you out?
A lot, I know, but...
Look, I'm juggling
enough around here
trying to keep the lid
on you know what,
and then you go off
and do this?
You know, it wasn't
exactly intentional.
Cops don't start
barroom brawls.
And why didn't you answer
your phone?
I was calling you all night.
Why? What's wrong?
A lot.
Sorry, this is between
me and Catherine.
I'll bet.
Aren't arson investigators
supposed to hunt arsonists?
Not when the arsonist
is a beast.
That's why
I called you.
Since when do beasts burn down
office buildings or law firms?
Or save college girls from
assassins and kill FBI agents?
Okay, but Muirfield normally
built beasts for a reason.
How could setting fires be...?
Oil rigs in Khafji,
Dammam, Jeddah.
Half a billion in lost profits
'cause it took wildcatters
months to extinguish them.
So, what, they made
super-wildcatters instead?
Absolutely.
Muirfield makes these
guys fire-resistant
and then sends them in to put
out these fires for a huge fee.
I wouldn't be surprised
if Big Oil's
helping to fund the research.
I had JT look into it.
It turns out there are
several heat-resistant organisms
that Muirfield
could've adapted:
uh, sap from sequoias,
thermal bacteria...
Okay, I got a C in science.
What does this have
to do with me?
I need you to ask Vincent
to help catch him.
So you're sending him
on missions now, too?
No. Well, I mean, yeah,
but it's not what you think.
Okay? I don't want Vincent
to kill this beast,
I want him to catch him.
What, so you can
rehabilitate him?
No, so we can try
and save him.
Undo what Muirfield did
to them
just like you undid it for me.
Yeah, but you had to die first.
The beast in me had to die,
which allowed you
to save my human side.
Barely, with a defibrillator.
Look, I wish I could think
of another way, but I can't.
All I know is that
this worked once,
and if we can get it to
work on this beast, too,
then we can use it
to save Vincent.
Isn't that what you want?
Of course, but this is beyond
risky, and you know it.
It is a total long shot.
And besides, if this
doesn't work on Vincent...
Wait... is that what you want?
Come on, Catherine,
you know better than that.
Would I be going through
all this if I did?
I am trying to make amends.
I am trying to stay sane.
Look, I appreciate
everything
that you're trying
to do--
really-- it's just my life
is so out of control right now,
I think I, I just need
to save myself
before I can save anyone else.
Okay, still, the arsonist's
pattern of setting a fire
every 24 hours means
this is our best chance
of capturing another beast.
Which is why we have
to let the arson
investigators do their job.
This is their jurisdiction
and it's their case.
I'm sorry.
Hello?
Anybody home?
Vincent?
You here?
Vincent, hey,
I've been looking for you.
Why?
You don't remember me, do you?
You know Catherine.
Right, I'm her boss,
we're friends.
Doesn't make us friends.
Now you have two seconds
to tell me who you are
and what you want.
I'm Gabe. Lowan?
I tried to kill you
four months ago.
Interesting way of trying
to save your life.
Actually, I'm here
trying to save yours.
I didn't realize
mine needed saving.
Listen to me.
I used to be a beast,
just like you.
And the reason
I tried to kill you
was I thought it was
the only way to save me.
Save you from what?
(choking):
From being a beast.
I couldn't control
it anymore.
I thought you held
the key to saving me
but Catherine,
she found
another way--
a way that could
save you, too.
She sent you here?
No.
Actually, she wasn't overly
interested in the idea.
(clears throat)
Well, at least I know
you're telling the truth.
Look... we don't
have much time.
The only way this
is going to work
is if we test it out
on another beast first,
and that's where
you come in.
And I know
where to find one.
Where?
If I tell you,
you can't kill it.
You have to capture it.
Who says I would kill it?
Look, let's drop the pretense.
We both know
that satphone
isn't for a shipwreck.
Someone's got you
hunting beasts,
but what I'm offering you,
possibly,
is the chance
to be human again.
And if it works,
there'd be nothing standing between
you and Catherine.
Interested?
You're still alive,
aren't you?
Okay, who is it?
The serial arsonist.
He's the Muirfield asset?
Capturing him
is your best chance
at getting Catherine back.
All I care about
is killing it.
What...? Wait.
Vincent.
Vincent!
(subway brakes screech
distantly)
(wheels rattling)
(engine revs, tires screech)
(siren wails)
(indistinct radio communication)
(sirens wailing)
(horn blaring)
(fire crackling)
Who are you?
(laughs)
How did you find me?
You won't like the answer.
(grunts)
So...
they sent one guinea pig
to kill another.
(snarls)
Makes sense.
But it looks like
you got a different cocktail.
(snarls)
I see that you're faster
and stronger, but...
can you do this?
(grunting)
(coughs, gasps for breath)
(exhales)
(fire crackling softly)
(quiet music plays)
Mmm. I think
I found myself.
Right?
I can't believe
how badly I needed this.
Please remind me
to never ignore myself
like that again.
Mmm, count on it.
Do you think the arsonist
could be a beast?
Code!
And what happened to
not mentioning
the V-word for a while?
This is supposed
to be you time, relax!
Okay. Okay.
Relaxing now.
(exhales)
Except...
what if this
flatlining thing
could actually
cure Vincent?
Duh!
Vincent's her dog.
(phone ringing)
(sighs)
(ringing continues)
It's Gabe
calling again.
Maybe I
should ans...
(humming):
Om...
You're a wreck.
You know that, right?
Yeah, I do.
(sighs)
(phone ringing)
Holy crap. Seriously?
CATHERINE: What, is it Gabe?
No.
(knocking at door)
MAN: Hey, Chandler,
I got Gabe Lowan
calling for you.
Why don't you answer
your own damn phone?
I give up.
GABE:
Dispatch said
they pulled a man
from the building,
so I rushed right over.
Turns out it was Vincent.
Guess you're not the only one
looking for a fight.
We have to get him
out of here.
If someone runs
his fingerprints...
I had him admitted
as a John Doe,
but two arson
investigators
are on their way
to question him,
and they're going to want to
know what he was doing there.
I can't believe Vincent
would be so reckless.
Personally, I don't think
he's handling your
time-out very well.
How do you know?
Because I talked to him.
I'm the one who
turned Vincent on
to the arsonist.
Hey, you're the one
who said that
you didn't want
to help save him.
No, I said I didn't
want to risk it.
That's different.
You could've
got him killed.
(coughing)
Running into a fire?
What were you thinking?
(coughs)
I was thinking about
killing another beast.
It's not like
my missions
are secret anymore,
obviously.
Hey, you ran
out on me.
CATHERINE: This wasn't one of
your missions.
You went on your
own mission and...
and you could've gotten
yourself killed.
You may be
supercharged,
but you're
not invincible.
I'll sound the alarm
when I see
the arson guys.
(coughing)
Look, I'm sorry
to drag you into this.
You know, the last thing
I want to be in your life
is some pain in the ass.
It's too late.
Vincent, it's not that
I don't want you in my life,
it's just that I don't know how
to keep you in it
because I don't
even know
what my life is anymore.
I don't even know who
my real father is now.
It's like...
everything's
up in the air.
And you don't need some guy
who can't tell you the truth
or remember anything.
I get it.
Okay?
Doesn't mean I like it,
but I get it.
Do you want to remember me?
Yeah.
I do,
more than anything.
But since I can't be honest
about these missions with you...
You know, that's why I just,
I want to finish them, okay?
So I don't have
to lie to you anymore.
Catherine, it's the one thing
I can control.
Not if you get
yourself killed.
Excuse me.
A John Doe got admitted
a couple of hours ago.
I need a room number.
Let me check.
Thank you.
ADA Lowan.
Right this way.
Okay, he's in room 2...
GABE:
Here he is.
Although I don't know
how much he remembers.
You the one they
pulled out of the fire?
Yeah.
Tell us your name?
It's Victor.
(stifles a cough)
Okay, Victor.
I'm Charlie, he's Aaron.
We're arson investigators, FDNY.
Need to ask you
a few questions-- you up to it?
Yeah, sure.
CHARLIE:
All right, good.
You see him?
Sorry, fellas. Victor's actually
working undercover
for the DA's Office, so...
Undercover where?
On the fires?
Technically, yeah, but...
Arson's our
jurisdiction.
We're actually working
a different angle.
I got this.
Kid's always chomping
at the bit,
what're you gonna do, right?
Yeah, you see,
the problem is,
uh, serial arsonists,
they have a pattern,
and without knowing it,
we have no way of finding him
before he hits his next target.
Which is why it'd be real
helpful if Victor here
could tell us
what he saw.
Listen, we're trying
to find out the same thing.
Unfortunately,
Victor, he, um...
he hit his head.
He has a little amnesia.
(scoffs)
This is a joke.
Y-You're joking, right?
Hey.
This arsonist killed two
firefighters, all right?
We need to put him in the ground.
Hey. What'd I say?
Look, I don't know
what the hell's going on here,
but we need some answers, you understand?
CHARLIE: Aaron...
And we're not leaving
here until we get 'em!
Aaron. Enough.
Kid's gonna
get himself killed one day.
This is why
I promised his mother
I'd make him
an investigator
instead of let him
go on the front lines.
He's just like his father,
God rest his soul.
He leaps
before he looks.
Like all the Keller boys.
Uh... Aaron Keller?
Any relation
to William, or Vincent?
AARON: Yeah, William
was my father.
He died in Tower Two.
Why? You know him?
CATHERINE: Victor?
VINCENT: Come on, Aaron.
Nice arm there, buddy.
(gasping)
Vi... Victor?
Gabe...
Uh, fellas, I think
he's had enough for one day.
Yeah, but we still
don't know anything.
I said out, now!
All right, all right.
Come on.
(monitor beeping rapidly)
(low growl)
Vincent.
(growls)
Vincent,
can you hear me?
(alarm beeping)
Hey, you gonna try
to catch it this time,
Uncle Vincent,
or what?
Aw, big throw!
Nice job, Aaron.
(Vincent growling,
alarm beeping)
Vincent.
Rooftop's going,
little brother.
we gotta clear
those floors fast.
Okay, I'm right behind you, brother.
Go! Now! Now!
VINCENT:
William, you okay?
Yeah, I'm all right.
Vincent, no!
You take the east side,
I'll take the west.
We'll cover more ground.
No! No splitting up.
(growls)
Vincent.
Okay, just calm down,
all right?
William!
William! William!
(growls)
WILLIAM:
Help!
Will, where are you?
Here!
I'm in here!
Help!
William!
(growling)
(steady tone sounding)
What the... hell?
What?
Where are you?
I'm walking.
Something happened.
I know.
I was at the hospital.
Lucky for both of us,
ADA Lowan covered for you.
Said someone shot at you
because you were
undercover or something?
Anyway, you better
be more careful.
More careful? Oh, you think
I wanted this to happen?
Sir, I had, like, some sort
of memory overload or something.
I had, like,
flashes of my brothers,
my nephew, fires.
I didn't even know, you know?
Okay, Vincent, calm down.
You got to get under control.
That's the point, okay?
I can't control it.
These memories, they just keep
coming and coming.
Just a couple more Muirfield
experiments to take out,
and then you're done... free.
You go back to your old life.
Let the memories come.
But first, you've got
to get your focus back.
Because if you die,
innocent people will die, too.
Believe me.
To that end, I've I.D.'d
the guy you're up against.
Unfortunately,
he's a diagnosed pyromaniac.
Oh, yeah, you think?
Name's Eddie Long.
He's an arsonist
Muirfield lifted
from prison several years ago
to experiment on.
He's also a brilliant
structural engineer,
which is why he knows exactly
how to bring buildings down
with fires.
Oh, and let me guess.
He doesn't get burned
because of whatever
Muirfield did to him.
Exactly, so you gotta
get to him
before he gets
inside a building on fire.
Otherwise he's got
the advantage.
Okay, so I'll track him down.
No.
Let me work on it.
I've got some leads.
Now, in the meantime...
just hang tight, relax.
And steer clear of anything
that might trigger
any of those memories.
(siren blares in the distance)
What are you doing here?
You're kidding, right?
I'm worried about you.
Are you okay? What happened?
I think you should probably go.
Well, too bad. I'm not leaving.
Your nephew triggered memories.
Didn't he?
That's what happened?
Look, I told you, okay?
I don't want to be some pain...
But I want to know.
What did you remember?
The truth.
I'm not sure exactly.
It was all this jumbled...
mess.
I think it was my
brother William.
He's a firefighter?
That's right.
I was, I was afraid that...
I was afraid he was gonna die.
There was this, uh...
three story walk-up
near the projects.
And the fire was chasing pipes,
rising fast,
and we got separated.
I'm sorry, "we"?
Me and William.
We got ordered to do
this primary search.
Because I was a probie,
William didn't want
to leave me...
didn't want to leave me.
Vincent, no!
Okay, wait, you-you were...?
He yells out to me
not to split up.
But I do anyway, and then...
No!
I lose him.
And he went down.
Vincent?
What?
You were a fireman?
Yeah, wasn't I?
I guess.
You didn't mention it before.
But if you're having
memories of it...
You know, how do I even know
what I'm remembering
is the truth?
Because you feel it, too.
Memories aren't just playback.
They trigger emotion.
And emotion doesn't lie,
it's real.
It reveals who you were,
who you are.
Your memories do
the same for you?
I mean, you know, with your dad?
You said before,
you-you weren't sure
whether what you knew
of him was true or not.
So shouldn't your
memories help you
to, you know, find the truth?
Well, isn't that what
you're looking for?
I guess it's
what we're both looking for.
(siren chirps)
Well, I see you
got the med kit.
Who's getting stitched up now?
Possibly Vincent.
Well, not yet. First I need to
test the flatlining procedure
on this arsonist now that
we know he's a beast, too.
Grab me the defibrillator?
It's down the hall.
You know...
I'm not a secretary.
I'm Cat's friend.
I tolerate you.
Look, Catherine's the one
who told me to be ready
in case they found
the arsonist.
She just called.
Oh yeah, right.
Your, uh, flatlining idea.
Well, she's at least willing
to see if it'll work.
And if it does,
and we can help Vincent,
then we need to be ready.
You know, as heroic as this is,
it does hurt your chances
of being with the girl
you've fallen for.
What are you talking about?
Please.
There's only one reason
you'd do all this.
And it's not to make amends.
Look, you believe
what you want.
And whatever my feelings
for Catherine are,
they're irrelevant.
She saved me.
And I owe it to her
to do everything I can
to help save Vincent.
Catherine, wait,
what if he recognizes me?
Yeah, okay, we got away
with it once...
He was six last
time he saw you.
And plus he thinks
you've been dead
for over a decade.
And what if he triggers
another memory in me,
and I can't control it again?
Then I will get you
out of there.
But unfortunately we
don't have much choice.
The investigators are
the ones working
on the arsonist's pattern.
They're our best chance
at finding him.
Between the office buildings
and the residential towers,
that's over 20 buildings
this guy could hit.
And we don't have the manpower
to cover half of them.
AARON: Oh, look
who it is.
Bad cop, mute cop.
Aaron, we're here to help.
What, he get his memory back
all of a sudden?
Is that your father?
William Keller?
Yeah.
Next to one
of my uncles,
Daniel.
Had another uncle, too.
Died in Afghanistan-- Vincent.
You lost a lot.
Yeah, and I don't want
to lose any more.
That's why I want to
get this psycho so bad.
If you're here to help,
we'll take it.
No questions asked.
Come on.
Have you noticed any connections
between the arsonist's
previous attacks?
Uh, just that
all the buildings
are owned by Drew Segan.
Segan Petroleum.
Sounds like our arsonist holds
a grudge against Segan.
Yeah, and he's about to go
public this week with his stock.
The problem is Segan owns,
like, 20 properties.
That's why we
can't narrow down
the arsonist's next target.
Okay, look for buildings
with a structural challenge.
This guy used to be an engineer.
He likes show how smart he is.
Well, that's a big challenge
right there.
Segan corporate headquarters?
Un-huh.
Well, the oil refinery in Jersey
and the stadium look pretty
tempting, too, though.
S-Still, even if it's
not the headquarters,
they're gonna have blueprints
of Segan's other
properties there.
Either way, it helps
narrow down the target.
Hey, stand down.
Nobody's running off
half-cocked on this one.
That's an order.
Where were we?
He's been striking
every 24 hours or so, right?
When was his last attack?
Last night, about this time,
give or take..
CATHERINE: We still have three
buildings to choose from.
VINCENT: Well, we'd better
make our best guess
on his next target
and start planning.
(alarm blaring)
MAN 1:
Ah, four alarm fire!
Segan HQ. Let's roll!
MAN 1: Let's go!
MAN 2: Suit up, suit up!
Keller!
Well, so much for guessing.
Where's Aaron?
Keller!
Where the hell's Keller?!
He's gone there on his own.
All units, I need
a 10-13
on Investigator Keller, stat.
Let me know
if his PASS alarm sounds.
Where the hell's
the deputy chief?
Where're you going?
To find Aaron.
Yeah, what if the arsonist's
already in there?
The building's on fire.
So?
So you don't have
the advantage, remember?
Catherine, my nephew might be
in that building,
Okay? He could die.
You both could die.
And how are you going
to stop the arsonist?
I'll take my chances.
Besides, I might have learned a
thing or two from before.
Vincent.
Don't worry, okay?
Don't worry.
Hands up now!
(yells)
(grunts)
Aaron!
I got here as fast as I could.
Any sign of Vincent?
He already went inside.
Is that everything?
Yeah, you sure you want
to try this out on the arsonist?
We might have to
try it on Vincent,
if he doesn't get out
of there alive.
Come on, we got
to cover the exits.
Aaron!
Aaron?
Back for more?
I thought
that you'd be toast by now.
I guess I'm stubborn like that.
You sure it's me you want?
Or is it
those rich bastards
funding Muirfield,
turning us into these...
freaks?
You were a freak to begin with.
Why do you think
they chose you?
(laughs)
(yells)
(yelling)
(growls)
(alarm whistling)
Aaron!
Aaron, where are you?
(grunts)
Aaron?
(groans)
Vincent, I'm over here!
Will.
I'm in here!
William, where are you?
Over here! I'm here!
William!
William, we got
to get out of here!
Vincent, what the hell
are you doing?
Saving your ass.
(coughing)
WILLIAM:
Vincent?
William?
William...
we got to get you out of here.
Slide your legs out.
You okay?
I can't breathe.
Okay, buddy, come on.
I got you.
Mom would never get over it
if you went out like Dad.
You want to save
lives, that's fine,
but you're going
back to med school,
and that's final.
Any word from your brothers?
They're still trying
to get everyone out.
WILLIAM:
Vincent!
William?
Vincent, I'm right here.
Aaron?
Aaron!
Hey.
Aaron?
(coughs)
You're okay, bud.
Hey.
Come on, I got you.
(groaning)
CATHERINE:
Freeze! Don't move!
Screw you.
(flatline tone)
Come on, come on.
Crank it.
Come on, come on,
come on.
It's not working.
Damn it.
(panting)
(sirens approaching)
(indistinct radio communication)
Come on, buddy. Hey.
You're gonna be okay, all right?
(coughs)
Who are you?
Buddy, I wish I could tell you.
(groaning)
(whistles)
Hey!
Over here, over here.
Hang in there, man.
Hang in there, okay?
Get a stretcher!
I got it.
Oh, kid.
You freaking Keller boys.
You never learn, do you?
Where's the stretcher?
Let's go, let's go!
(sirens continue)
(groans)
PORTER (on TV): The arsonist
was fatally shot by police.
Authorities confirm the suspect,
Edward Long,
was an escaped prisoner
who'd been on the loose
since May of 2006,
after he allegedly broke
out of jail.
I've seen enough.
Wait, aren't you
a little concerned
the press will start
asking more questions?
You know, about how
an escaped prisoner...
I'm more worried about the fact
I wasn't able to save
the arsonist,
which means I may not be able
to save Vincent.
I'm not giving up
until I find a way
That's very noble of you.
What is that,
another subtle crack
about my liking Catherine?
No, I was being genuine.
It's noble.
But you do like her.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for
Detective Chandler?
Hey.
I just want to say thank you,
you know,
for everything you did.
You're welcome.
We couldn't have
done it without you.
I just, uh,
I wish that I was the one
that got to pull the trigger,
you know?
No, you don't.
It's not your job.
It's my job.
Pretty sure
this belongs to you.
I found it
in the parking garage.
You never should have tried
to handle it by yourself.
Just be more careful
from now on.
We can't afford to lose
any more Kellers.
I guess it's in the blood, huh?
Being stubborn?
And heroic.
Hey, is there any chance I could
ever talk to your partner?
Why?
Just to, you know,
thank him for saving my life.
I don't suppose
that's gonna happen, is it?
He's, uh, he's undercover.
I'm sorry.
Well, uh,
take care.
You, too.
♪ I don't know
how seasons change ♪
♪ Or how we fell so far
♪ Before our hearts go
up in flames... ♪
CATHERINE:
What are you thinking about?
You first.
Oh, I don't know.
I guess, uh,
I was thinking about how I
said I needed space from you.
(chuckles)
Well, it's amazing
what a little honesty
and a few memories
can accomplish, huh?
I still can't imagine
what it must be like
to not remember who you were
and then suddenly start
remembering things,
painful things.
Well, it's strange,
a little confusing,
and, uh, it's good.
Good how?
I don't know--
like you said before,
it's who I am,
it's the truth.
That doesn't mean it's not
painful sometimes, right?
For both of us.
But what matters is that
you're starting
to remember again.
You, us, and that is good.
I just wish
I could remember more.
You will-- just have
to be patient.
Besides, you're starting
to remember things
that I didn't even
know about you.
Like what?
Like, uh, apparently,
you used to be a fireman
before you went to med school.
Didn't know that.
♪ Sirens and smoke
♪ Remind us
♪ Maybe the world
♪ Won't find us ♪
♪ Fall to the earth
♪ In red light tint
♪ It's gone. ♪
My brothers are here.
They're heroes.
They saved me
from all of this.
From what I can remember,
I think that's why
William made me quit.
He knew our mom
just couldn't bear the thought
of losing all of us.
I wonder if that's
why you enlisted.
To pick up where they left off.
Help people.
Maybe.
On the other hand,
if I just would've stuck,
you know, not let my brothers
talk me out of being
a firefighter,
I don't know,
maybe I could've saved them.
Or you could've died, too.
And you wouldn't have been able
to save your nephew.
Vincent,
we can't change the past,
as much as we both
may want to.
The best we can do
is remember it,
learn from it
and move forward.
Hopefully together.
♪ Sirens and smoke
♪ Remind us
♪ Maybe the world
♪ Won't find us ♪
♪ Fall to the earth
♪ In red light tint
♪ It's gone. ♪
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org